chore: wrap metric with substrafl add_metric function (#214)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/substrafl_doc/substrafl_overview.rst

* on which test data the model is tested
* at which rounds the model is tested

Metric
^^^^^^

> A metric is a function that computes a performance between data and predictions loaded from the organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A metric is a function that computes a performance by comparing label (ground truth) and model's predictions.
```
